MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 İmar Hesaplayıcısı Pro

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

Bu yazılım MIT lisansı altında lisanslanmıştır. Bu lisans, yazılımı ticari 
amaçlar da dahil olmak üzere herhangi bir amaç için kullanma, kopyalama, 
değiştirme, birleştirme, yayımlama, dağıtma, alt lisanslama ve/veya satma 
hakkını verir.

Yazılımın tüm kopyalarında veya önemli parçalarında yukarıdaki telif hakkı 
bildirimi ve bu izin bildirimi bulunmalıdır.

YAZILIM "OLDUĞU GİBİ" SAĞLANIR, TİCARİ ELVERİŞLİLİK, BELİRLİ BİR AMACA 
UYGUNLUK VE İHLAL ETMEME DAHİL OLMAK ÜZERE AÇIK VEYA ZIMNİ HERHANGİ BİR 
GARANTİ VERİLMEZ. HİÇBİR DURUMDA YAZARLAR VEYA TELİF HAKKI SAHİPLERİ, 
YAZILIMDAN KAYNAKLANAN, YAZILIMLA BAĞLANTILI VEYA YAZILIMIN KULLANIMINDAN 
VEYA DİĞER İŞLEMLERİNDEN KAYNAKLANAN HERHANGİ BİR İDDİA, HASAR VEYA DİĞER 
YÜKÜMLÜLÜKLERDEN, SÖZLEŞME, HAKSIZ FİİL VEYA BAŞKA BİR ŞEKİLDE SORUMLU 
TUTULAMAZ.
